One night the police came into our home they kicked open the doors and they broke the windows
They told us that they were taking the house that it was no longer hours
After that incident I became an angry person. I was angry and I told myself that I would do anything
to find justice and freedom
A partite caused divisions among people. For example, there was education meant for white people and education meant for black people
The education for black people was of a very low standard. When the government made a budget
most of that money was going to white people
Even in the classrooms the black students classrooms were overcrowded compared to the white students classrooms
While I was growing up I was determined to become a lawyer so that I would be able to fight a partite legally
After that cruel incident and that harsh treatment
My view changed immediately
And I wanted an immediate solution that would help us find peace, find freedom and find justice
I went on to join a political organization
I agreed to cross the border where I was being trained in the military
The political organization made me a military commander of soldiers that were fighting for freedom
My responsibility as a commander was to establish cells
Where we could store our weapons for war
And to train others who came to join that organization
We were training them in guerrilla warfare
Showing them how to use guns
Or different explosives that we stored in those cells
I was a very cruel person who did not respect anyone who was not afraid of anything
I was not happy because
I expected that as one organization we would be united because we had the same purpose
In my experience
There was hatred
There was prejudice
There was quarreling
My wife was already one of Jehovah's Witnesses
We agreed that she should find someone who would teach me about the Bible
That sister came and started telling me about the good news of God's kingdom
But things turned sour when she said that this kingdom of God will crush all these other kingdoms
Including my political organization
I was furious as I was talking to her
But I saw that she was just smiling, not shouting, not even retaliating
I was surprised
It touched my heart
They invited me to the kingdom hall
What really got my attention is that everywhere I looked
Everyone in the hall was participating
Little children were raising their hands
Giving their answers freely
You could see they were well prepared and stayed on the topic
Each and every one of them found scriptures quickly
I was a university student
But I was unable to find the scriptures
That made me think, hey, I want to be the same as them
I noticed that the kind of education that they were receiving in Jehovah's organization
Was of a high standard
Compared to what we receive under Partied
Which was of a very low standard
For my experience
It is clear that trusting in people is chasing the wind
But putting trust in Jehovah God brings people happiness
Since I was young
I just wanted to find freedom
Find peace and become a happy person
But I could not find it until I came into the kingdom hall
That is where I found real freedom
I found real justice
I had real happiness
And I was shown what real love is
My life has changed tremendously
I have a close relationship with Jehovah
That relationship caused me to become a loving person
A person who is empathetic
Someone who strives hard to be humble
Someone who lives with people in peace
I clothe myself completely
With the new personality